# Hang in There Chez and Colgan! A Motivational Poster Project
Mod1 2108 FE

## Table of Contents
  - [Abstract](#abstract)
  - [Technologies](#technologies)
  - [Install + Setup](#set-up)
  - [Contributors](#contributors)
	- [Wins](#wins)
	- [Challenges + Improvements](#challenges-+-Improvements)
  - [Project Specs](#project-specs)

## Abstract
	This project is designed to primarily show the user a series of randomly generated motivational posters. Upon loading the page, or clicking the **Show Random Poster** button the user will be shown a new poster that is generated with a unique image, title, and quote.

  In addition, the user has the ability to create their own poster by clicking the **Make Your Own Poster** button. Once clicked, the user is prompted with three fields which they can provide their own input. These fields allow the user to provide a unique URL for their chosen image, as well as their own custom title and quote. Once the user clicks **Show My Poster**, the user is returned to the main poster page with their newly generated poster appearing on the main poster page.

  NOTE: If the user decides they do not want to generate their poster after navigating to the form, they can simply click **Nevermind, take my back!** to return to the main poster page without generating any new poster.

  Finally, the user has the ability to SAVE any poster that appears on the main page, whether this is generated by the original code, or generated by the user. These saved posters will appear in a grid layout on the Saved Posters page. A poster can be saved by clicking **Save This Poster**, which adds the currently shown poster on the Main Page to the grid of saved posters on the Saved Poster Page.

  NOTE: A poster can NOT be saved twice to the Saved Poster Page. If a user clicks **Save This Poster**, and the currently shown poster is already saved, then the poster will NOT be added a second time.

  NOTE: The user can simply view the Saved Poster Page without saving the currently shown poster, by clicking **Show Saved Posters**.


## Technologies
  - Javascript
  - CSS HTML
  - Atom
  - Google Chrome or Web Browser of User's Choice
  - Mac OS Terminal/Command Line


## Install + Setup
	- clone this repo: https://github.com/colganmeanor/hang-in-there-boilerplate
  - On the command line, type: **$ open index.html**

## Contributors
  - [Chez Gallo](https://github.com/cagallo)
  - [Colgan Meanor](https://github.com/colganmeanor)

## Wins
  - Successfully made our code functional.
	- Gained experience in interaction between our Javascript code and the DOM.
  - Gained valuable experience in the collaborative work-flow process.
  - Set a positive working routine for ourselves, where we took frequent POM breaks, and never stared a single problem for too long without asking others for help or suggestions.
  - Our project mantra is *Good Vibes Only*

## Challenges + Improvements
	- Github is very challenging. The process of pushing, pulling, fetching branches is still confusing to us, but we never had a world-ending issue that halted progress on the project.
  - Googling helpful solutions is challenging still as well. We found some helpful ideas on Google, Stackoverflow, etc, but we still felt like we had challenges knowing exactly WHAT to Google at certain times.
	

## Project Specs
  - The project spec & rubric can be found [here](https://frontend.turing.edu/projects/module-1/hang-in-there.html)
  - Our deployed page is [here](https://colganmeanor.github.io/hang-in-there-boilerplate/).
